cool hi everyone
this is the JSF EFS weekly they have
meeting of April 30th as usual we do run
over plates and then we use the leftover
time for questions we people are still
is putting they're putting their updates
for the week but do people feel already
that we can start I see some nodding
some sometimes up if I may
would some would like to volunteer to be
the note-taker the note-taker of this
call is typically like a very
lightweight task compared to my PFS all
ends because it's just like to take
notes of any extra question that is not
culture already by the update that
people share
I can take that see Thank You Chico cool
Google okay so let's start with run a
loop that you go you wanna go first and
it's just going through the list
yeah sure hi guys
not much sir of late I've been working
on revamping the exchange felts example
and then that's last week and I'm doing
that this week I hope to make a pull
request this week so you guys to have
some feedback about the UI and stuff and
I mainly focusing on your why but then
I'll I'll upgrade to having like a works
you can upload files to a workspace and
whether other people go to that works
for expected inside the files uploaded
so that's it
that's another feature but right now I'm
just hoping seeing on you I don't get
any editing walking you know sweet
awesome okay thank you view any
questions for yoga suite okay let's your
next one Jacob I can take notes for you
yeah so mostly last week did some final
updates for the custom repo example in
J's ipfs ax yes that's all merged in now
I also did a lot of refactoring on the
Lib PDP switch last week created appear
for that I'm going through today and
checking that against um Interop JSI PFS
and then Lib p2p to make sure those test
Suites are working it looks like there
might be some issues with lid p2p um so
I'm just looking through that and
hopefully with that merged in early this
week and then from there I'll use that
to start working on the state machine
updates for switch and as well as
private network stuff soon so yeah I
believe I've reviewed both or merge the
docs one and checked in on the the
switch one you mentioned like there
might be some issues on on just like
peer-to-peer or the interrupt tests like
did you get to test and see some issues
or
yeah einar up is good there were some
issues the test the collector failing on
Lupita P so I'm just trying to see what
is like because some of the tests like
the multiple runs are a bit flaky but it
looks like there's consist some
consistent failures there so I'm looking
at that to figure out what what exactly
is going on there
alright okay cool that's good to know
yeah awesome that you that's it all the
way up cool any questions for Jacob
alright Alex it's your turn so I've been
continuing to work on the J's like FML
fest implementation of writing files so
writing new files is done as is updating
existing files and at the moment I'm
writing the code that will expand files
so this was interesting because you can
potentially re-order the dag when you
change files the lower pipe EFS version
just adds new nodes to the root node of
every file which is interesting
allons-y PLD explorer CLI tool isn't
very helpful
working out what's going on every super
super good when we can point to a
jeaious ipfs as well i think there's
some missing dug methods that it relies
them BLS that's gonna be me see I want
to see a demo video of like all boats
like grow their bags like seen
permutation medical that would be
amazing
yeah like three visualization little
things pinging on just like growing cool
so sounds good they're nice remember
that like like that the goal here is
really to get em FS working is in way
that does it so the zucchini and human
ipfs on happiness and so like extra
features like for example the
rebalancing of the deck are important
and should be like explored but like
should not block like everything else
from from shipping just like making sure
that you don't I get block on it or
spend our time there yeah no of course
I'm I'm gonna make it work first and
then I'll make it work right after
got it good yeah like cool cool do you
have any like any estimate on like where
when will we see the files API for the
complete files API mfsl API for just
leave us
no another complete API but I mean I can
start pushing experimental features
behind a flag into Jerris ipfs and so
cool cool because we do have like a lot
of things that use it so we can excite
using those tests to also test
implementation like IP just walk store
again NBN IPS etc
yep cool and you say you are blocked
your block and releases Jessica's API
near historic service and fixes and the
loud like added the offset and a blanket
to be passed to the HTTP API which is
sitting and it's been merged into mas
suggest my professor API by jasmine
release Jim good yeah like I'm going to
speak about that also like I had
troubles with just because if you're in
some of its dependencies cool I don't
have any more questions anyone has
questions sounds good cool whoo
now much my I did going to be quick like
basically what on a GSI penis or
Jessica's culture building guidelines
and the protocol for rotating little
taters
I think oh you you have seen that and
commented or viewed it so that's cool
thank you so much
I kind of like wanted to get the GPFS
version 0 to d9 ready really this week
but like as I traverse the dependency
tree and like I saw the things that were
like in flight
kind of like God I get a bunch of Robel
blocks there and and so it's probably
not going to be ready to release Lee
just because there's like release on
Jessica's API there is fixes for not
just and there was a module that I need
permissions to publish bunch of things
there so you can check the Jessup EFS 0
to d9 release issue there's like a
whistle things there and that's actually
when I'm blocked and what I need to work
or did I would love to have help of
everyone just make sure that we unblock
that and we get release then as soon as
possible
I'll post here go into that issue but
likely find it people to just be pest
issues
anybody for me
okay cool
gar yeah hello I'm back on this now
after after having was one son for the
Deaf stuff for another project jumping
back in this morning I see that my rap
directory thing finally got merged and
I'm working on the bit swap unwatched
trying to untangle the mess that is put
tests so do you need I can see that they
are blocked because testing is very
confusing do you need any like do you
need any extra help like do you need a
like pair up with me or someone else on
the call - I think I'm getting the help
I need in issues but that just it felt
more like a blocker than a next just
because it is the thing that needs to be
I don't wanna say solved but worked
through I think we're moving there but I
still don't I mean there was there still
an open discussion now about the
remaining tests and things like that so
okay okay okay so do you feel that like
without any extra information from us
that you can move forward right now or
would you like to make sure that you get
your answers as soon as possible since
you can look forward yes I have there
was a there's something I'm ready to
move forward on right now and then there
is a discussion going about what the
remaining tests are so I I can move
forward now I just don't I do still felt
like a blocker because I don't guys got
it so what's pretty like this like if
until like Tuesday night or Tuesday
evening if you if you don't get the
answer that make sure to talk to sync up
Wednesday so that you don't go it's been
a lot of hours just trying to navigate
through multiple repos okay like in 15
minutes we can we can help you
so like victories also like we won't
hear it here see good Peter you can also
put your calendly might work well like
that's what I did
in some water no it's cool thank you any
questions for gar alright Zane cool not
too much don't update just updated the
PR for pull streams I'll need a little
bit of feedback from Folker again and
then I mean that just started tackling
the other packages that would be
affected by the Pulsar change that's it
cool thank you Volkers out till
Wednesday I think you can steal like you
can simply do your work without getting
it much right because you can always
like NPM wink yeah that's that's exactly
what I'm doing
cool any questions pertain all right no
you're meted hi guys so I got a little
bit stuck in my cell I probably quest
I thought that was pretty much done in
the beginning of the week but I got
really stuck in the in the tests needed
to go through a lot of codes find out
what was going on right now it's
everything I think it's everything is
figured out on I created some cool quest
to introduce some new and Ling on the
errors one of them it's not up yet on
the ipfs repo but I just need to click a
button and the wave of requests online
on the main repo it's done already - so
but I'm still having problems on the
browser tests and as they don't have
support for source maps I don't have a
stack trace so it's really actually but
find out what's going on
so that's whenever I'm probably gonna
need help from you the real issue at
that time besides that I'm continuing
working on the browser bills
I added the browser tests on the next
section to try to improve the stack
traces for the browser tests so it's
easier for everyone to debug the tests
because right now I'm really having
troubles to figuring out what's going on
and I'll try to improve those things on
Asia
so that's who I'll be working next this
week sweet so just make sure I
understood completely so that turns like
some fixes on my PFS TTL and I can work
we're switching which model module are
you having trouble debugging on a
browser is it on the main one on the
ipfs okay so you see an issue there okay
I'll link a link I'll mention on the
pull request so you can review the the
dice under on the in there so it's
easier to picture do we still have the
debug flag for nature or is that
something on the past poor thing the
debug output oh yeah remember when we
said like one and then like the karma
would stop and then all that you
actually like control the execution so
you could like setup breakpoints and and
debug it
oh I won't sure about that want to look
it up yeah I know it was broken four
bits I'm not sure if it got fixed I
haven't I think the me tree was working
or not
just uh correct okay well let's check so
it's really like there was a way to set
up a flag and then like that Carm
execution would stop and then you could
like set up the breakpoints or you'd be
like then understand where the error was
happening these are quick can you can
you check for that or yeah thank you
I'll probably mission new you and
pictures on the public eyes so you can
check the text the tests filling yeah
thank you
and also like if you need my time to
check in on any mutation detail feel
free to like pick my time from Karen
away also like we probably will meet
this week in person I'm already in port
oh yeah yeah yeah
see also cool next up yeah okey so I
have been working on implementing the
new render boosts protocol in JavaScript
and I've made some progress with
dedicated to the new changes that were
made to the protocol and I'm also
currently working on fixing the UTP
transport
and about that I actually also have a
question
nothing should add two questions below
and I have to be honest that need review
and the next thing I'm going to do is
probably finish the relevance in
implementation awesome okay so these two
PRS I'm adding it to okay I'm adding it
to my pile of things to review and merge
interesting okay okay cool I'll do this
after this call
not related to the things that you are
focused on right now right no but it
would be great if they would get some
review because they have been around for
some time and throwing I'm just like
trying to prioritize as I understand
like if you're currently blocking these
or not cool so yeah I'll check in and
like the development of radio and except
of ETP on the car on the the code base
itself that comes pretty thank you machi
who so we finished the the checking part
like there's still a couple people here
or actually three people victor lance
and travis you have any given up late
but i guess you don't have to just like
if you have something let's see oh two
questions feature Viacom will activate
foot coverage vehicles call rather than
coveralls any objections this is written
in the right order like old coffee
rather than coveralls yeah so currently
we're using coveralls or we were
supposed to use overalls in the project
yeah however you don't have a strong
feeling for it and the go project really
want to use cocoa and it makes my life a
lot simpler if we use the same coverage
service across everything so that will
be the king can we have first the
comments disabled and second like I'm
one of the one of the like pull requests
check the status being like the
percentage of coverage like telling as
if it's wrapped or increased yeah the
the different of coverage right yeah the
difference of coverage exactly because
cough by default was just like
issuing comments everywhere it was kind
of like very noisy yeah I don't think
anyone like that so that's not really
not disabled oh cool okay also remember
that we had the badges so he has updates
the CIA and
the keys and digit one and never another
one you are officially fit yeah cool and
machi and so I am still working on this
project lipid Pinot trust and actually I
think that should be deployed on a
peer-to-peer infrastructure because it
kind of makes sense to do that and if
this will my question is basically if
this ever gets deployed because I
created some issues about this on the
infrastructure repo and also other
places but still haven't got to reply
and I don't see any significant interest
and wanted to ask if there's there's
interest in getting this project
deployed it's a good question I don't
have a complete answer but I do have a
comment
concrete comments to the not seeing a
lot of active interests at the moment
and that is just because everyone is
kind of like on the water with all the
tests and we just started a quarter
there's a lot of things going on like
the dust is still settling white people
are still like navigating through their
own queue results and so we haven't also
add the need for no trusts recently like
that is not like an issue that we have
to solve right now and so it's
definitely interesting in like a very
well interesting way to go around the
fact that private IP IP that knows that
behind ads do not have access normally
to like cos certificates that said like
we should not just say claim to the
world that we have a way to issue a
certificate so everyone because that
will look very like awkward or a lot
people will raise a lot of questions and
so we should be prepared to answer those
questions and also first do the deal
urgency or like really checking that
that is the right way to do things all
right that's even I can a feasible way
to do things and so
on this I'm not saying yes or no I'm
saying we just need more time and and if
you want to like show again then demo
next week on I'd be vessel and we expand
a little bit more about you have been
pushing on no trusts and like what are
the next steps from your perspective I
think it will be super helpful for
everyone else to it like just catch up
just like hygiene again on what no trust
is trying to do and also understand a
little bit better what are the next
steps okay and the next thing I also
meet that and so on is the current UTP
protocol does not have a way to close
one side of the connection without
closing the other side and I don't know
if I should just for you to be protocol
and create a UTP extended protocol that
has that feature or if I shouldn't do
that or so so actually before jumping
into this your question I just make sure
I kind of like reply answer the last one
there's anyone else has comments I did
that was like Mauro bite perhaps my
perspective than anything else
so if everyone or anyone has a comment
on the trust and deploying it may be
victory as IQ and a lot of these were
structured things like you have a
comment there yes as far as I know I
cannot just go ahead and deploy us as
it's missing some review from the core
contributors to leave it be and that's
why I haven't deployed it yeah exactly
it makes sense cool thank you okay so I
love to see more hands just okay now on
the UTP question again it's a very good
question much like the the answer is
like it is really fun to have UTP
available probably peer-to-peer like it
will appear is designed to have
connection upgrades and so you don't
necessarily need to 4 qtp you can just
have a connection upgrade that if it's
the off close connection and it's
actually just like
rapping every packet that they had
sweetened with a bit that it's a flag is
the Philippine packet or it's not that's
that is exactly what it is and there is
an empty repo because in the past we
wanted to pursue that venue like we
wanted to tackle that but we never
really got to finish it as again as it
was not like a priority if you want to
explore that for sure but that's also
like it will be great to to be able to
say that people can use
ETP today as well nevertheless it's
important to acknowledge that like if
that happens then parallel version needs
to be built for grip' of us because it's
not just like you tepee to tepee plus
this Widow upgrade okay all right cool I
don't see any more questions here yeah
okay so
thank you for taking notes Jacob
we still have a couple of minutes just
there's like everyone feel like the
quick check-in I guess they don't feel
like they're they are making progress or
dirty results
there's everyone does anyone feel
blocked or kind of an uncertain of the
direction of their to results bigger so
I think we talked about this before but
I do feel a bit blocked on deploying
chaos ipfs as the demon still sometimes
crashes on like dials or stuff like that
and having those issues fixed or like in
general the demons ability stuff then I
can finally finish the deployment of ksi
papers and I'm sure we will find a lot
of goodies and noise bugs if we manage
to deploy a long-running demon good cool
a using master or the latest release
master boo good question
I do think is master I think okay yeah
so it is very good for you to keep just
like reporting whatever bug you keep
seeing when it crashes there was one
that we fixed already and there is like
more fixes coming yeah so what my my
history is not about the specific issues
being fixed like I think we can continue
with that forever
what I want is a demon that won't crash
just because there is error in one
stream I think that's the issue we have
to fix first and then we can fix these
things that we can see in the logs but
right now we cannot even run the demon
for like more than 10 minutes before it
crashes so I don't want to spend like
it's going to be a huge effort fixing
all these individual issues or going to
continue to pop up forever is that we if
we have a proper error control in the
demon that doesn't crash just because it
can open our connection to WebRTC store
or whatever we can actually collect more
of these errors than we can collect
got it okay yeah so what you're saying
is to add some kind of uncaught
exception things so that yeah we can do
that like it still is going to enter
some weird states I'm sure because some
some of those errors will be
unrecoverable but yeah so like Google as
a key result on end like but it isn't
perhaps you can I check in with Victor
on this just to like gauge what is the
most important thing right now if it's
the browser pills if it's the this
stability thing actually actually right
because you think maybe it's not to go
Google is like handling a lot of the
large files and Diego is trying to
integrate to I know more of the
stability no I think it's me yeah no so
maybe I can just all you be like quick
and checking out the four of us just
given that we will be handling a lot of
like our nursing our are like just
taking a city personal robust this this
quarter
yeah I started working on the file
exchange example okay I but after I
finished I can put the priority and
edema yeah yeah totally okay yeah it's
really okay to like just sit order your
own priorities yeah I guess like Peter
just wanted to know like where the
priority was yeah I I already opened up
a issued for this and I've signed a
signed deal with it as well so I assume
that we can continue in that issue it's
linked in the in the bottom of the notes
and in the shop all right cool okay so
we have two minutes over now I still
want to make sure like does everyone
feel confident that they know what to do
this week it's clear like everyone like
knows how to move forward
awesome yeah so I guess I will complete
a chatting on our scene on get up
have a great week everyone thank you so
much for bowing in and turn your head
your app it about everyone
why writers